README.md, before:

# molgenis-app-vibe
User interface for [VIBE](https://github.com/molgenis/vibe): a pipeline-friendly software tool for
genome diagnostics to prioritize genes by matching patient symptoms to literature.

## For developers

### Create local test environment
1. Follow the instructions as described on <a href="https://molgenis.gitbooks.io/molgenis/content/v/8.1/guide-development.html#setting-your-molgenis-server-properties">Developing MOLGENIS</a> and <a href="https://molgenis.gitbooks.io/molgenis/content/v/8.1/guide-using-an-ide.html">Using an IDE (Intellij)</a> (select Java 11 JDK & language level 11 instead).
2. Extract the content of <a href="https://molgenis.org/downloads/vibe/vibe-3.1.0-tdb.tar.gz">vibe-3.1.0-tdb.tar.gz</a> to `<MOLGENIS_HOME>/data/vibe`.
3. Launch the application.
4. Configure the homepage:
    1. Sign in as superuser.
    2. Navigate to the data explorer.
    3. Select 'Static content' in the entity type dropdown.
    4. Edit the row with id 'home'.
    5. Copy the content of <a href="./molgenis-app-vibe/src/test/resources/vibe.html">this file</a> into the Content field.
    6. Click on the save button.

### Build new version for deployment.
1. `cd /path/to/vibe`
2. `mvn clean install`
3. `mvn install:install-file -Dfile=/path/to/vibe/app/target/vibe-with-dependencies-<version>.jar -DgroupId=org.molgenis -DartifactId=vibe -Dversion=<version> -Dpackaging=jar`
4. `cp -r /path/to/.m2/repository/org/molgenis/vibe/<version> /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe/molgenis-app-vibe/local-maven-repo/org/molgenis/vibe`
5. `rm /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe/molgenis-app-vibe/local-maven-repo/org/molgenis/vibe/<version>/_remote.repositories`
6. `cd /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe`
7. Edit `molgenis-app-vibe/pom.xml` to use new vibe-version as dependency (and if a new TDB is required, adjust this as well).
8. `mvn clean install`

Commit message:

Support vibe-core (#11)
* Web-app is now able to use vibe-core instead needing a fat jar.

* Fixed output file extension.

* Fixed path of serializer.

* Initial back-end implementation of GeneDiseaseCollectionResponse.

* Changed Gene/Disease/Source of GeneDiseaseCollection from Set to Map.

* Initial front-end with vibe-core (without pubmeds).

* New front-end.

* Added global variables to JavaScript.

* Replaced inline CSS with a CSS file containing both vibe & datatables CSS.

* Layout fine-tuning.

* Removed counts from details view.

* Hides table during second query.

* Updated displayed version.

* Minor code fixes.

* Updated README.

* Limits output returned to the front-end to the 10 best genes.

* Revert "Removed counts from details view."

This reverts commit 061bbdf00e1096405a1ed9764a9b72b51765f522.

* Fixed layout through fmt-maven-plugin.

* Added rel="noopener noreferrer" to target="_blank" link in vibe.html file.

* Added external links to gene/disease in detailsView.

* Updated database link.

* Adjustments due to probable bug in count values.

* Adjusted vibe-core version to be used.

* Fixed duplicate code.

* Updated formatting.

* Revert part of "Adjustments due to probable bug in count values." (re-added title generating)

This reverts commit 5f86164c6c534ec9b38a1da7a843ae42724cfd7d.

* Removed empty line.

* Code smell fixes.

* Format fix.

* Replaced suppress per variable with one for the full class.

* Updated JavaDoc.

* Revert "Replaced suppress per variable with one for the full class."

This reverts commit 1a9fd98cdba0e46d03e695a7e85d3d7e1ae37686.

README.md, after:

# molgenis-app-vibe
User interface for [VIBE](https://github.com/molgenis/vibe): a pipeline-friendly software tool for
genome diagnostics to prioritize genes by matching patient symptoms to literature.

## For developers

### Create local test environment
1. Follow the instructions as described on <a href="https://molgenis.gitbooks.io/molgenis/content/v/8.1/guide-development.html#setting-your-molgenis-server-properties">Developing MOLGENIS</a> and <a href="https://molgenis.gitbooks.io/molgenis/content/v/8.1/guide-using-an-ide.html">Using an IDE (Intellij)</a> (select Java 11 JDK & language level 11 instead).
2. Extract the content of <a href="https://molgenis.org/downloads/vibe/vibe-3.1.0-tdb.tar.gz">vibe-3.1.0-tdb.tar.gz</a> to `<MOLGENIS_HOME>/data/vibe`.
3. Launch the application.
4. Sign in as superuser.
5. Update homepage:
    1. Navigate to the data explorer.
    2. Select 'Static content' in the entity type dropdown.
    3. Edit the row with id 'home'.
    4. Copy the content of <a href="./molgenis-app-vibe/src/test/resources/vibe.html">this file</a> into the Content field.
    5. Click on the save button.
6. Update setings:
    1. Navigate to the data explorer.
    2. Select 'Application Settings' in the entity type dropdown.
    3. Edit the row with Application Title 'MOLGENIS'.
    4. Under 'CSS href', add:  
    `vibe.css`
    5. Click on the save button.

### Build new version for deployment.
1. `cd /path/to/vibe`
2. `mvn clean install`
3. `mvn install:install-file -Dfile=/path/to/vibe/app/target/vibe-with-dependencies-<version>.jar -DgroupId=org.molgenis -DartifactId=vibe -Dversion=<version> -Dpackaging=jar`
4. `cp -r /path/to/.m2/repository/org/molgenis/vibe/<version> /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe/molgenis-app-vibe/local-maven-repo/org/molgenis/vibe`
5. `rm /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe/molgenis-app-vibe/local-maven-repo/org/molgenis/vibe/<version>/_remote.repositories`
6. `cd /path/to/molgenis-app-vibe`
7. Edit `molgenis-app-vibe/pom.xml` to use new vibe-version as dependency (and if a new TDB is required, adjust this as well).
8. `mvn clean install`
